According to the karma of past actions, one's destiny unfolds, even though everyone wants to be so lucky. ~Sri Guru Granth Sahib
As long as karma exists, the world changes. There will always be karma to be taken care of. – Nina Hagen
As she has planted, so does she harvest; such is the field of karma. ~Sri Guru Granth Sahib
As the blazing fire reduces wood to ashes, similarly, the fire of Self-knowledge reduces all Karma to ashes. ~Bhagavad Gita
Be honest, like karma it will eventually come back to you.
Belief in karma ought to make the life pure, strong, serene, and glad. Only our own deeds can hinder us; only our own will can fetter us. Once let men recognize this truth, and the hour of their liberation has struck. Nature cannot enslave the soul that by wisdom has gained power and uses both in love. ~Annie Besant
Don’t waste time on revenge. The people who hurt you will eventually face their own karma.
Fate depends on our karma. Every one is responsible for his or her destiny!
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. ~Wayne Dyer
I hope karma slaps in your face before I do.
I know what karma is, but it never happens to the people that need it.
If a householder moulds himself according to the circumstances just like nature moulds Herself according to seasons and performs his Karma then only shall he acquire happiness. ~Rig Veda
If someone hates you or fights with you, know that it is your own past karma standing in front of you. – Anandmurti Gurumaa
Karma bides it’s time. You will always have to watch out. Karma is unforgiving and always gets payback. – Benjamin Bayani
Karma has no menu. You get served what you deserve.
Karma is just cause and effect, where the connection between the two is distant enough to not notice, forget, or lie about. – Alan Robert Neal
Karma is so mean even when I’m not mean.
Karma, simply put, is an action for an action … good or bad.
Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don’t even notice it. – Sakyong Mipham
Many believe in karma but i take it to a whole different level. – Vincent Alexandria
My karma ran over your dogma. ~Author Unknown
Nothing happens by chance, by fate. You create your own fate by your actions. That’s Karma.
Some day people will ask me what is the key to my success…and I will simply say, “good Karma. – K. Crumley
The Law of Karma is also called the Law of Cause and Effect, Action and Reaction and: as you sow, so shall you reap. – Sham Hinduja
The cool thing about free will is that even if one has a huge bag of karma there is still a lot of free will for all those souls coming into the world. ~Kuan Yin
There are the waves and there is the wind, seen and unseen forces. Everyone has these same elements in their lives, the seen and unseen, karma and free will. ~Kuan Yin
This is your karma. You do not understand now, but you will understand later. The source of pain is within your own larger expression of being. – H. Raven Rose
Those who were pre-ordained to have no good karma at all — gazing into the lamp of emotional attachment, they are burnt, like moths in a flame. ~Sri Guru Granth Sahib
When karma comes back to punch you in the face, I wanna be there. Just in case it needs help.
Without the karma of good deeds, they are only destroying themselves. ~Sri Guru Granth Sahib
Worthless people blame their karma. ~Burmese Proverb
